Updating Versioning Management documentation (#9203)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/version-management/how-to/enable.md

## Disable Version Management

> There is no option on the UI to disable Zone Versioning. Please contact Customer Support to disable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no option on the UI to disable Zone Versioning. To disable it, [contact Customer Support](/support/troubleshooting/general-troubleshooting/contacting-cloudflare-support/).
```
